CONTRIBUTING.md, before:


# Contributing to Portfolio Website

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! 🎉

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to Mradul Sharma's Portfolio Website. These are mostly guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

## How Can I Contribute?

### Reporting Bugs

This section guides you through submitting a bug report. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your report, reproduce the behavior, and find related reports.

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the problem.
- **Describe the steps to reproduce the problem** in as much detail as possible.
- **Provide specific examples** to demonstrate the steps.
- **Describe the behavior you observed** after following the steps and point out what exactly is the problem with that behavior.
- **Explain which behavior you expected to see instead** and why.

### Suggesting Enhancements

This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion, including completely new features and minor improvements to existing functionality.

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
- **Provide a step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as much detail as possible.
- **Provide specific examples** to demonstrate the steps.
- **Describe the current behavior** and explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why.

### Pull Requests

1.  Fork the repo and create your branch from `main`.
2.  If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3.  If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4.  Ensure the test suite passes.
5.  Make sure your code lints.
6.  Issue that pull request!

## Styleguides

### Git Commit Messages

- Use the present tense ("Add feature" not "Added feature")
- Use the imperative mood ("Move cursor to..." not "Moves cursor to...")
- Limit the first line to 72 characters or less
- Reference issues and pull requests liberally after the first line

### JavaScript Styleguide

- All JavaScript must adhere to standard React best practices.
- Prefer functional components with Hooks.
- Use `const` and `let`, avoid `var`.

## Getting Started

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ermradulsharma/resume.git
    cd portfolio
    ```

2.  Install dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  Start development server:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

Commit message:

feat: Scaffold new React portfolio application with various frontend pages, components, routing, and styling.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Portfolio Website

First off, thanks for taking the time to contribute! 🎉

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to Mradul Sharma's Portfolio Website. These are mostly guidelines, not rules. Use your best judgment, and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code.

## Choosing an Issue

If you're looking for a place to start, look for issues labeled with `good first issue`. These are typically smaller, well-defined tasks that are perfect for newcomers.

You can find them by searching:
`is:issue is:open label:"good first issue"`

## How Can I Contribute?

### Reporting Bugs

This section guides you through submitting a bug report. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your report, reproduce the behavior, and find related reports.

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the problem.
- **Describe the steps to reproduce the problem** in as much detail as possible.
- **Provide specific examples** to demonstrate the steps.
- **Describe the behavior you observed** after following the steps and point out what exactly is the problem with that behavior.
- **Explain which behavior you expected to see instead** and why.

### Suggesting Enhancements

This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion, including completely new features and minor improvements to existing functionality.

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
- **Provide a step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as much detail as possible.
- **Provide specific examples** to demonstrate the steps.
- **Describe the current behavior** and explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why.

### Pull Requests

1.  Fork the repo and create your branch from `main`.
2.  Once you push your changes to your fork, GitHub will often show a **"Compare & pull request"** banner at the top of the repository page. Click this to start your PR!
3.  If you don't see the banner, go to the "Pull Requests" tab and click "New pull request".
4.  If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
5.  If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
6.  Ensure the test suite passes.
7.  Make sure your code lints.
8.  Issue that pull request!

## Styleguides

### Git Commit Messages

- Use the present tense ("Add feature" not "Added feature")
- Use the imperative mood ("Move cursor to..." not "Moves cursor to...")
- Limit the first line to 72 characters or less
- Reference issues and pull requests liberally after the first line

### JavaScript Styleguide

- All JavaScript must adhere to standard React best practices.
- Prefer functional components with Hooks.
- Use `const` and `let`, avoid `var`.

## Getting Started

1.  Clone the repository:

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ermradulsharma/resume.git
    cd portfolio
    ```

2.  Install dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  Start development server:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```
